Game Components

    One game board inside the box (scoring track)
    84 cards
    36 voting tokens in 6 different colours numbered from 1 to 6
    6 wooden rabbits (rabbeeples)

Setup

Each player chooses one rabbit and place it on the 0 space of the scoring track. Shuffle the 84 images and give 6 of them to each player. Make a draw pile with the remaining cards.

    With 4 players, each one takes 4 voting tokens (from 1 to 4).
    With 5 players, each one takes 5 voting tokens (from 1 to 5).
    With 6 players, each one takes 6 voting tokens (from 1 to 6).

Note: Do not show your hand of cards to anyone.

Game Play
The storyteller

One player is the storyteller for the turn. He looks at the 6 images in his hand. From one of these, he makes up a sentence and says it out loud (without showing the card to the other players).

The sentence can take different forms: it can be made of one word or more, it can even be a sound. The sentence can be either invented or be inspired from an existing work of art (poetry or song sample, movie title, proverb, etc).

Who is the storyteller for the first turn? The first player who has found a sentence declares she'll be the storyteller for the first turn.
Choosing a card for the storyteller

The other players select amongst their 6 images the one that best matches the sentence made up by the storyteller.

Then, each of them gives their selected card to the storyteller, without showing it to the others.

The storyteller shuffles his card with all the received cards. He then randomly places them face up on the table. The card on the left will be number 1, the one next to it will be number 2, and so on...
Finding the storyteller's image: the vote

The goal of the other players is to find which image is from the storyteller amongst the displayed ones. Each player secretly votes for the card that he believes belongs to the storyteller (who doesn't vote).

To do so, he places face down in front of him the voting token corresponding to the image he voted for. Once everybody has voted, all the voting tokens are revealed and placed on their corresponding images.

Note: You're not allowed to vote for your own image.
End of turn

Each player draws cards into his hand until he has 6. The storyteller for the new turn is the player to the left of the current one (and we keep going clockwise for the following turns).